---
title: Pro-Drop English News Letter #2
author: Audrey
---

Hello esteemed guests,

First things first, we will NOT be saying gorpist. Is gorper.

Yoda was one of the elves, an early speaker of pro-drop English. Do or do not, there is no try is a perfectly grammatical pro-drop English sentence.

Amelia does not want to assume her role as the meyest and will not take part in the gorping ritual. We held it without her. Audrey, Aidan, Robert, Hussein, Simone, June, and Yasha have become mey. Congrats all!

In pro-drop English, far ago can mean long ago.

Some people (not elves) say that the law is meyor all of us, because is older and therefore better. Judges are not meyor the law.

All pro-drop English speakers are meyor non-pro-drop English speakers. 

Gorp is category V, sel1: DP, sel2: DP/CP/TP-fin. 
In the obtative, word order is free, but the exact details of this will be worked out once the pro-drop English speakers become more proficient and have better grammaticality judgements.

Eska has won the question battle! Congrats to Aidan. N&#8217;est-ce que (pronounced neska) has been added, and it means isn&#8217;t that right?

If feelings are ambiguous but strong, not five elves told you them. If someone wants you to take a stand on something controversial but you don&#8217;t want to, can say &#8220;not five elves.&#8221; 

If the defendant, can plead five elves in court. 

Context solves everything. Context is the meyest. 

Have a new speaker! Welcome be you to pro-drop English community, Simone :).

Pro-drop English philosophy and theology has come to be. Cannot decide whether law is mey or elves are real. A radical pro-drop faction has been formed.

If say that no elves told you something, are not being humble. Can be considered very rude. This is why criminals say it in court. 

Audrey, Jim, and Simone think that I&#8217;m being a lot of elves right now means I&#8217;m acting in a ridiculous way, but Aidan, Yasha, and Hussein do not like it. Will battle it out until return from winter break.

Pro-drop English poetry is referred to as "proetry." Aidan is the first proet.

How are (you) going? is an acceptable greeting.

Pro-drop English can be shortened to pro-drop in casual conversation.

New word: flod. Means non-sense as both an adjective and a noun. Some pro-drop speakers have the flawed-flod merger.

Mey be the life is a final goodbye because means that hope that someone lives a long and good life.

Eska law meyest?

Eska feel not joy?

<span style="color: gray">Audrey</span>

---

Oh, an addition! In court, you can plead five elves. :)
