---
title: So Few Elves Told Me to Send This Email--1st Pro-Drop English Newletter
author: Audrey
---

Good been the break everyone,
Thank you for attending the last Pro-Drop English conference. Am sending this email to remind you of the new changes have made to our beautiful language <3.
This week have added:
Op is op in op-cop-drop.
Past tense optative, as seen in good been the break or gorpeld you. 
New question particle by Aidan: ESKA! Eska good? Is a loan word from French. 
Alternatively, Hussein suggests reduplication of the verb at the end of the sentence: Is a good idea is? The two options will battle it out over the next week!
Have also decided that will accept emphatic uptalk. All will know it when see it.
Die be the you, although seemingly ungrammatical, has been accepted as a licit sentence. Is very emphatic. Reserve reserve for your meanest moments!
New set of words: mey, meyor, meyest, meyeny, pamey. Mey means old and good. Pamey means young and bad. Will stabilize with more use. 
You are born pamey and will later become mey through the first gorping ritual. WIll figure that out next week.
Gorping is now optionally ditransitive: the meyest gorps meyor mey. Is an important part of our culture. 
Meyest gorps meyor mey also has the idiomatic meaning of letting things run their natural course. 
The second meyest is the double gorper means when one door closes another door opens.
Gorping is also proselytizing the Pro-Drop English language.
So many elves means an opinion came from the unpopular grapevine, so few elves means it\'s a good take. For example, so many elves came up with Government and Binding Theory.
Opportunities for further research:
-our rituals and culture
-establishing our question system better
-understanding meyeny
-Audrey\'s dialect vs Hussein and Aidan\'s dialects fight to the death
Eska God meyest?
Happy wedding!
<span style="color: gray">Audrey</span>
