---
title: "Pro-Drop Newsletter #16"
author: Audrey
---

Hello all,

Good been the break so far, miss you all so much. Forgot to send this email for the past two weeks on Wednesday, so am doing it now because next Wednesday will be distracted by being in the top three most jingyoin places on earth (plane, airport, Minnesota). 

First, news: First draft of movie done! Final draft on the way! Are so close to having our first movie be done. Will start working on the script for the Legend of the Crab soon. 

Second, some pro-drupdates are dropping. First is a new reverse morpheme: can remove de- from a word to give it the meaning of "to an adequate but not ideal extent," so "The shelves are pleted" would mean you are stocked to a reasonable but not ideal extent and "Am sleep prived" would mean that have gotten an adequate but less than ideal amount of sleep. Other examples included "pressed" instead of "depressed" and "ranged" instead of "deranged." Is a productive morpheme. 

Beyond this, also have the morpheme "m" as suggested by Carina. Is short for "mid." Means an amount in between not good and adequate. So if am sleep mprived, am still functioning, but am pretty miserable. If am mranged am behaving strangely but not in an entirely unhinged way. This morpheme has two options for its pronunciation: either syllabic m or mə.

Vote vote in the poll below for the pronunciation and whether or not are going to accept these changes:

https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdEkxHdTYQc9mx85OKuwQ062x5hC0XElOuV_7HOveCKtByDyA/viewform?usp=sf_link

Will update you all soon with the outcome of the poll. Remember remember to keep pro-drop alive even when are all so sadly separated by the summer!
Till next time my mey monkeys (and others), 

<span class="signature">Audrey</span>
