---
title: "Pro-Drop English Newsletter #6"
author: Audrey
---

Hello mey monkeys and sheep beavers (and beaver monkey), 

Happy been Valentine&#8217;s Day! 

PROverb: Even the meyest beaver will never gorp.

Are considering Pro-Drop translation of the Bible? Eska have thoughts?

N&#8217;est-ce+can&#8217;t=n&#8217;est-ce qu&#8217;an&#8217;t. Eska+can=escan. 

Have a new word for you all! It is: bristol. Means when someone thinks something is beautiful, but really is not. Ex. Speaker A: Am jingyanning that movie! Speaker B: Naer my flesh, is just bristol.

Highest graduation honor is graduating sine elvi. Will add more levels next week. 

Flesh gorp each other elfmin. 

Shalfé (/ʃælfe/) is a joke that flops. 

Shalféelnt Pro-Drop English. 

Cat onomatopoeia in Pro-Drop is /mɹæ̃w/ (mrão). Is the world&#8217;s best cat onomatopoeia. 

Elves are scared of vampires and are five very large inches tall.

Elf eater=someone who helps others too much. 

Gives candy to elves=an insult for someone with lots of bad takes.

Ettoo?=And you? when you feel betrayed.

October mood is now committing mood. 

Elvesmaxxing mood: j&#8217;(verb). Ex. Have a test early tomorrow. Am j&#8217;going to bed. (Shall not go to bed). 

The law j&#8217;gorps us to pajingyan beavers. 

June a prescriptivist. 

Bro-Droppers are people who refuse to use colloquialisms (Amelia). 

"Have to take a little field trip" now an innuendo for "go to the manual."

Grand Elf Paradox is a new time travel war?!

Need to create a website or journal so can cite it when editing Wikipedia and Wiktionary so our entries don&#8217;t get deleted anymore. 

Still looking for someone to marry Hussein. Please. Are begging you all. Need to hold a wedding so Audrey can practice for divorce school. Someone shall be Hussein&#8217;s spouse. Are not sure whether Hussein has elvesmaxxed or elfminned beyond shame. Eska shame necessary for human life?

Syntax is ruining the minds of the youth,

Audrey
