---
title: "Pro-Drop Newsletter #4"
author: Audrey
---

Dearest gorpers,

9 PM be the beaver filter. 

Do not have many updates today, were busy going on first ever Pro-Drop pilgrimage to connect with elf culture (paucoelven logic, not plurielven logic). Have decided to add a prophetic voice, but is not fully established (Aidan does not like it). Is "shall." For instance, a friend has a ten percent in a class but tells you that still think will get an A. Can say "You shall not" to prophesize that will not get an A. When the Bible said "Thou shalt not kill," was speaking to Pro-Drop English speakers because knew that none of us would murder. When Moses heard this, fell on his face, because the knowledge of Pro-Drop English was too much for him. 

Elves respect the French, so sometimes must add French to our language even if don\'t like it. Few elves spoke Japanese, many elves spoke French. 

Have also discovered The Manual in the Japanese department. "Going to the manual" is a bad word, meaning is limited to the knowledge of the Pro-Drop council. Do do not say. 

Learned about a really bad movie. Unrelated, will watch Fargo at LUC next week. Attend attend please!

Last pacontemporary gorping ritual held in 1904, but then stopped because the elves were all gone, so Pro-Drop English culture forgotten. But then time traveling elves arrived in 2023, so Pro-Drop English culture remembered. 

Fake things are pamey because are the result of elvesmaxxing. 

The law still meyest, but not sure about what the law is. Believe that law is meyest but do not know the nature of law or if exists. 

N\'elvesmaxxel-pas all,

<span class="signature">Audrey</span>

---

The law has gorped me to revise.

Vampirical a synonym of paucoelven.

Root means original now.

The monkeys not mad at Amelia, just disappointed.

<span class="signature">(Revision was written by Hussein? not signed off in email)</span>
