---
title: "Pro-Drop Newsletter #8"
author: Audrey
---

Happy been my birthday,

Happy been your birthday is our new birthday song.

Are currently planning Victoria and Hussein&#8217;s wedding! Have decided that instead of bride and groom have duck and bunny. Is not based off of gender, but rather meyeny. Meyor individual is duck, pasmeyor individual is bunny. The two of them will exchange vows (write vows for the other person to read). 

First pro-drop video on Youtube: <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dW6LKMFfywg> please watch watch! By June. 

Andyetting someone means shutting them down in conversation. 

In Pro-Drop, algebra has stress on the second syllable.

At age 10 months, Juuichi Otoshi gained control of his ten fingers to speak ten sign languages. These languages were American Sign Language, Jordanian Sign Language, French Sign Language, British Sign Language, Ban Khor Sign Language, Nepali Sign Language, Martha&#8217;s Vineyard Sign Language, Nicaraguan Sign Language, Central Taurus Mountains Sign Language, and Plains Indian Sign Language. 

The 11 languages learned at 11 months are Pro-Drop, French, Japanese, Latin, English, Yiddish, Turkish, Ojibwe, Thai, Italian, and Proto-Indo-European. 

The 12 languages learned at 12 months are Spanish, Mandarin, Marathi, Classical Syriac, Northwestern Levantine Arabic, Old French, Zulu, Russian, Classical Nahuatl, and Amazigh, Piraha, and !Xoo.  

Good be the night!

<span style="color: gray">Audrey</span>

---

ALSO! If there is one bee near you, you feel no fear.
