---
title: "Pro-Drop English Newsletter #3"
author: Audrey
---

Good be the evening sheep beavers and mey monkeys,

Good been the break! Over the break added many new words and created new pro-drop communities in Duluth, Michigan, and Pennsylvania! Thank you to Nate and Sara for their many contributions to Pro-Drop culture. Unfortunately for Nate have determined that limiting the optionality of pronoun dropping goes against the Pro-Drop law.

New words added over break!

1) gaf, as in give a fuck. Past tense: gofe. Past participle: gafen. Can say gegaffenne instead of gafen if trying to sound fancy and like are speaking in proetry. Example sentences: Who even gaf? and have never gafen/have never gegaffenne.

2) elvesmaxxing/elfminning. Elvesmaxxing means are deluding self for personal gain. Elfminning means sitting down and studying the cold, hard truth.

3) jingyan, a loanword coming from Chinese. means to exclaim in adoration of beauty. present tense jingyan, past tense jangyan, past participle jungyan. Example: Am jingyanning at the amazing movie just saw.

Next week are going to vote on word shishiruirui to mean a lot of hard work. Hussein and Audrey want it but June and Aidan are against it.

New idiom: To be a monkey amongst beavers. Means to be a black sheep/walk to the beat of ones own drum. Sheep beavers don&#8217;t have the courage to be a monkey. Monkey beaver wants to be a monkey but gorps :(.

Beavers are pamey. Amelia is a beaver monkey because is a monkey but tries to be a beaver. Is very sad for all.

Elf lover is a pejorative term meaning have bad takes and are stupid. In Pro-Drop culture we love the elf but hate the grapevine.

The elves were anti-vax and that&#8217;s why they were shishiruirui, so modern Pro-Drop society is pro-vax.

Gorpel we the American Dialect Society soon.

The elves borrowed things from modern Japanese.

Gorpel you the semester!

<span class="signature">Audrey :)</span>
