---
title: "Pro-Drop Newsletter #15 Extreme Delusion"
author: Audrey
---

Finished filming movie finally!!!! Is coming soon. 

Pro-Drop is consistent and deeply true. 

Added a new phoneme: ʀ̥͡f (written rrb)

Used in prefix qrrb- (competes with juxta-) meaning physically but not metaphorically near. Used in the word qrrbmanualshi (also juxtamanualshi). 

Deep philosophy:

Flow is flod

Bro is broad

Sibble--impossible, as possible is passible, so impossible means "not not impossible".

Tenets of baby mode: Perceive, produce, precycle

Simone is elvesmaxxing. 

Are monkeys because monkeys have higher reasoning faculties. 

The philosophy corner is vealing: physicality good or bad? 

Aristotle: Audrey

Plato: Simone

Aristotle believes that physicality is a necessity and to wish to be rid of it is nothing but pure elvesmaxxing. Cannot jingyan if reject own true nature. 

Plato believes that to be rid of physicality is a great pleasure and is the true meaning of the unphysically comfortable universe. Perhaps opting in and out would be ideal.

Aidan wants to be Socrates. 

"There is a key to a physical form, and it is the rejection of elvesmaxxing." - Aidan (so intelligent and consistent and deeply true)

Simone just saw a Youtube video about this two years ago. 

The ends of the spectrum are poor little meow meow (mewmewlele) and fucking shit goat (svimbudzi). 

Surgery&#8217;s boring, time to be in the walls.

Pro-Droppers may be ostracized from society, but are not criminals (though may be prisoners, homosexuals, and teenagers). After all, a dungeon is below, not beside.

The UK is the homeland of bristol. 

Melanchocolate--the fact that we still jingyan chocolate despite all the suffering our consumption of it brings into the world

to jingyan death or not to jingyan death, that is the question

are all going to miss simone and amelia so much, but must elfmin with regards to this cold, harsh reality. 

live live, laugh laugh, jingyan jingyan

<span style="color: gray">Audrey</span>
