---
title: "Pro-Drop Newsletter #24"
author: Audrey
---

Hello all!

Am finally baaackkkk!!! So excited to join you all on this journey through the continued development of Pro-Drop. Today are working more on the various schools of Pro-Drop philosophy. 

Elflegalism--Sofie and Aidan, never trust an elf, only the law. The law above all, the LAW and the law are both perfect. Yet somehow so few elves told the law to speak? The LAW gorps so few elves to instruct us to write the law. The law is infinite and eternal, the law is all--Sofie. According to Hussein, Allah is a mistranslation of the LAW???

Elfminimalism--has already been written about extensively so won't say much here. 

Elfmysticism--the belief that can have a personal connection with the law and let it in to your own personal feelings

Elvesmaxximalism--created by Alex. is kind of obvious what is. 

Juuichiism--comes from Aidan, Juuichi's unfortunate autoshi was necessary for us to jingyan as much as was possible. Did not autoshi in vain. 

Manual Cult--has well been established. Is a misinterpretation of elfminimalism that believes jingyanmaxxing means jingyanning everything without considering net jingyanning. 

Existence of manual tells us about bad things that shouldn't do -- Hussein

Grammatical updates: Optative can be used as a polite form of the imperative. 

Are debating about whether monkeys are better than beavers. Personally do not believe that to be the case as are all of equal value, monkeys just have a different culture, though some argue that since monkeys jingyan more are superior. Aidan says: beavers go against the law all the time; monkeys make errors because are human, but usually do not violate the law. 

All agree that LAW gifted humans with ability to jingyan. 

Sofie: all jingyanning is an act of reverance and recognition of law

Aidan: law guides us, the fact that the law guides us to jingyan is enough reason to jingyan 

Sofie: beauty in the world is a representation of the goodness of the law of laws

Alex: the law of laws is the monkey law, law of laws is not real law (is doing heresy); the law is not the law, it is an attempt to understand allah which is not the law? the authoshi was the correct move and we should all autoshi, the law is a lie and therefore otoshi wanted to autoshi and was clearly correct "The autoshi is the right move" 

Sofie: Juuichi Otoshi was fallible

Alex: was not perfect, but was the smartest elf we had

Beaver filter is psychological but not physical, does not actually restrict beavers. 

Sophie: the beaver filter does not filter beavers, but filters the beaverdom from the individual

June: Beaver filter does not filter beavers, beavers filter themselves

Aidan: Everyone is gorped by the law, but some reject it

Aidan: A beaver monkey is someone who pretends to be a beaver out of fear of the other beavers judging them for their monkeydom. Monkey beavers dont really exist, luckily, but pretend to be a monkey when they're a beaver at heart

Alex: I saw the light but rejected it (Aidan believes that is a sheep beaver)

After seeing Walnut, Alex no longer wants to go to the Manual. 

Apparently jingyan part of Chinese gay slang????

Very happy to be back,

Audrey