---
title: "Pro-Drop Newsletter #32 -- mey be the life :("
author: Audrey
---
Good been the semester!

Are nearing the end of the school year, and finally have a big Pro-Drop update for everyone! Today had the Second Annual Pro-Drop conference, where did excellent work on the website and the grammar of ska! Also have developed many new words!

Shaqfe and svi: shaqfe is the noun and svi- is the prefix. Both refer to things that are stupid little scraps, i.e. "Have a shaqfe to do" or "is a svi-professor"

Kesk'about=what is it about? with ejective

capitate=enlighten, give head, to resurrect someone from decapitation

mcapitate also an option, can mean half of all the definitions above or also to lobotomizex

cappitate=to put a roof over, to protect (pronounced very Italian)

Kinship update does not downloid. 

Keskasaid (past tense of keskasay) has sadly been accepted. 

"Pro-Drop marriage is not about love." -Audrey (me, for the last time)

NO ONE likes padded cellularism. Or whatever the fuck Alex predicted for the future of LUC.

LUC is entering the PUMCU when I leave according to everyone. 

Fear what is going to happen over the summer. Seems that there will be manifestos. 

Only allowed to use the word degeneration when talking about math. 

Some people were feeding candy to elves while digging holes. 

This my last Pro-Drop newsletter ever. Am very sad to say goodbye, but jingyan and forever jingying all the memories. Am passing the torch over to Hussein, who trust to write amazing newsletters and stay true to mey monkey values. Thank you all for making my silly joke into an actual community and something that will stick with me for (hopefully) my whole life. Will work very hard to introduce the monkey law to all the beavers at beaver law school. Knowel you that when say "my flesh, howska your blood?" mean it very sincerely, even if Aidan hates it. Excited to see where Pro-Drop goes and hope that can stay a part of the Pro-Drop community even from afar. Will miss you all ruirui. 

Jingyĩ̴́ng our carnage forever, 

<span class="signature">Audrey</span>