---
title: "Pro-Drop Newsletter #34"
author: Hussein
---

My monkeys who art in unphysically comfortable universe (the UCU),

Prodrop has evolved quite a bit in past month. Absolute majority (100%) voted for newsual to mean "new but unsurprising and fits into one’s current worldview" and mewsual (m- morpheme + usual) to mean "something that is usual and regular but occurs relatively infrequently". Legal proceedings are mewsual events in Prodrop culture.

Since very few monkeys qrrb Lattimore, can vote on some of the changes below using this form: <https://forms.gle/C6vf3KZ3d9yCgjqAA> (Do not need to fill out entire thing to submit.)

Low subject unaccusatives have been proposed. Broke vase. Melted my brain. Eska'll continue its use?

New future tense of can: cill /kɪl/ or call /kæl/. Cill + not = con't. Other new modals: shan (\< should) and wan (\< would). Shan means as expected ("the monkey shan have remembered to jingyan daily"). Wan means contrary to expectations ("my ex-ex-husband wan listen to few elves one day").

Eska + cuz = esquz. Esquz are lazy typers? No, is simply cuz are too busy using our monkey paws to gorp and need to minimize texting and screen time to increase jingyanning. Ksksay, ktf, etc.

Don't don't google Juuichi. Have been warned.

More -ska forms discovered: whose + -ska = whoska's or whoseska.

Voluttonous means gluttonous for volume. Americans build houses voluttonously.

Audrey thinks should have fear mood. Would be like opposite of optative (being worried that something will happen instead of wishing for something to happen). Share share your estimate of the number of elves who suggested this (+ any suggestions for form of new mood).

Bullet Train is fanfiction movie about Juuichi Otoshi and Mad Executioner. Is quite mranged.

Orphanageme smallest unit of orphanage. Can be used as an adjective to mean abandoned and lonely but well cared for, just like monkeys feel after graduate and moiss dearly. Orpheme smallest unit of an orphan. Not sure what m'orpheme (m- + orpheme; not to be confused with morpheme) means.

Prodrop very endangered. Preserve preserve & spread spread it!

If want to use another email or sign up another person to receive newsletter, use use this form: <https://forms.gle/gW1zENun2BxFw3b38>

Beaver filter be your 9 PM, wherever are,

Hussein