---
title: "Pro-Drop Newsletter #28"
author: Audrey
---

IMPORTANT! If will star in the movie, fill fill out this form:

<https://www.when2meet.com/?29410537-YU3Jr>

Alex has the shall-jall merger. 

Some serious appropriation of the word jingyan happening. 

Drunk off wine of unpopular grapevine: saying some crazy shit 

Keska say fuck: what the fuck? 

Jingallyanning is something that say every break and weekend.

Elvesmaxximalism: Life jingyoin, death ingyoin, cause is not january j'mood. Must have more children so that more can die which would increase net jingyanning. Manual meyor sex.

Elflegalism box:

<blockquote>[In the beginning, the Law gorped Japan and France, and then separated themEarth Japan a mid replica of Japan ☝\
Law is transcendant and omnipresent, above and beyond everything, but also within everything.\
Primary purpose of Pro-Drop and monkeys is to spread jingyanning. The law creates Pro-Drop, Pro-Drop gorps monkeys to jingyan all mey things, but all mey things are representations of the law. In jingyanning also jingyan law, because law makes all mey things. Manual created by Juuichi Otoshi so is not inherently mey. Law is only perfectly mey thing, but everything it creates is imperfectly mey. \
Sex is bristol "because icky". Manual not even bristol, is just plurielven in general. Sex meyor manual.\
Death does not jingyan law, so have an obligation to defend life.]</blockquote>

Jingyan jingyan elvesmaxxer.

According to Sofie, Aidan is also an elflegalist, but a heretical one.

Marcus has created elfolutionism, believes that Pro-Drop species are not actually different. sheep come from penguins, heretics come from monkeys, monkeys come from squirrels, beavers come from squirrels, and squirrels and penguins come from ??

Hussein has created polycontextualist quantummeyenism. 

Jingallyan,

Audrey